Goal:

To build a windows application that will control a delta MS300 VFD motor drive using Modbus RTU.
This application is a single window application that has the following entities on the main window:

1.)Connection Section:
This section has connection settings for the Modbus RTU communication. 
Setting will be COM port number only. 
There will be also be a connect button that will establish the connection to the VFD motor drive.

2.)Control and status section:
This section will have Start and Stop Button, to start and stop the program cycle.
A status display for following parameters:
- Connection status (Connected/Disconnected)
- Program status (Running/Stopped)
- Current program time in seconds
- Current step number
- Current motor rpm
- Motor current in amps

3.)Mode section.
This section will have following configurations: "No of Seats", "Difficulty Level". 
No of seats will do nothing it is for future use. You just need to create a dropdown menu for it with options "1", "2", "3", "4".
Difficulty will have two options "Easy" and "Hard". Each difficulty will switch program profiles. So basically there will be only 2 profiles for each difficulty.

4.)Profile Section.
This section is basically a table that defines our motion profile.
It will have rows "step no", "motor rpm", "duration in seconds", "absolute time in seconds", "sound file name".
There will be 16 steps in total. Each row will represent a step in the motion profile.
step no will be auto generated and will be read only.
motor rpm will be the speed of the motor in rpm. It will be a number input field. it will be between 0 and 1440 rpm.
duration in seconds will be the duration of the step in seconds. It will be a number input field. it will be between 0 and 600 seconds.
absolute time in seconds will be the cumulative time of the step. It will be auto generated and read only.
sound file name will be the name of the sound file that will be played at the beginning of the current step. It will be a text input field.

Notes:- 
The application should be able to save and load everything in a binary file. This includes connection settings, mode settings and profile settings.
Code is C/C++ only I have prepared a basic structure of the application. I have also prepared Modbus communication struct and functions. UART code is still to be implemented. Please check if there arent any bugs in the code I have prepared. You can also add any additional functions or structs that you think are necessary for the application.
I suggest we use native windows UI API for maximum compatibility.
Coding conventions: PascalCase for functions, stuct/class names. Eveything else is small case. Using undersocre is allowed.
Motor is max 1440 rpm motor which is achived at 50Hz.
Modebus RTU communtication will have settings: baud rate: 9600, data bits: 8, parity: none, stop bits: 1.
Modbus related info: 
VFD slave id = 1
bytes to read write is always 4 bytes.
VFD start write command: address 0x2000 value (BIT04 | BIT01)
VFD stop  write command: address 0x2000 value (BIT00)
VFD freq write command: address 0x2001 value frequency in Hz * 100 (for example for 50Hz you will write 5000)
VFD freq read command: address 0x2103 value will be frequency in Hz * 100 (for example for 50Hz it will return 5000)
VFD current read command: address 0x2104 (this will return the current in amps * 100)

Next TODO:
I want to port this entire application to Webview2. I want to upgrade it from the old native win32 api to modern looking application.